the materials for today are a fabric of
suede a piece of suede cloth
strass ribbon
lace of your touch artisan tweezers
suitcase type auction
gold peak brooch
a bit of chain
rings
scissors
and silicone
The first thing we are going to do then is
begin to apply the silicone in the
little piece of cloth that we have
and then then let's take the tape
of strass that we are going to take the measure in
the doll leaving a small space of
a centimeter and a half more or less to
to be able to stick it in the cloth
let's start to paste the first layer
of the fruit cord for that we're going to
again silicone again in all
the outline and so with much
calm let's go placing the cord
giving the shape that is leaving us the
strass ribbon
let's be going for small
moments until the tape is well
stuck with the shape and once
done this we are going to repeat the process
for the other side and then we're going to
repeat with the following colors that
we want to drive
well, that's how it is fitting into our project
let's let it dry and then then
let's start trimming all the
outline with the scissors until we
stay with the shape we want
well once we have cut back then already
our project we are going to take the auction
suitcase type that is the size of the
bracelet that we are making and we are going to
start tightening then with the
Craftsman's tongs to close it
once we have placed the auction type
suitcase on both sides we have this way
our bracelet we go then now to
take the ring the peak the gold and the
chain
and let's start by opening the ring
to put it through the hole of the auction
and then place the peak the gold or the
brooch that you wish to place the
we close
we repeat the action for the other side
again we take the ring we open it
we put it through the hole and then
then we add the chain
well so then our
project I hope you liked it
remember to subscribe to our channel
so you can see more videos
communicate with us on the networks
social and see us in the next
tutorial